Thank you very much, everyone. Again, participate in me, and again, we are here. Thank you. Thank
you very much.
I take best wishes, and all good things, really, for now and for everyone. Thank you.
Now, again, I'll talk really about a teaching of the greatest kindness compared to here by the Sh
akyamuni,
as you will follow me, according to my cover letters that I share.
And it is a reminder of, to all of us, we all need to practice. We all need to meditate practices,
practice until we reach the enlightenment. In the Buddha teaching, O Prince,
when you start practicing that, you should study, you should contemplate, and then you should
practice.
The purpose of the studying and purpose of the contraplating, the operasible purpose of the
studying,
principle purpose of the contraplating is to practice, meditate, and actualize the realization.
That is the really principle goal, to get enlightenment.
Enlightenment is not something that we are coming from outside. It is self-discovery. That's what
the teaching says.
So in order to do that, again, we should really correct our beautiful motivations.
The sibling, eliminating motivation of the joy and the appreciation, same time, kind and the
compared thoughts.
And the one day in the teaching, always, those great masters often would say, "Wasteness motivation
."
Motivation, thinking of all living beings that I like to remove, their suffering, the difficulty,
the troubles, whatever they are going through, and bring them joy, peace, happiness,
and ultimate goal to everyone which is enlightened, I like to support.
For that very reason, I'm going to reflect on the teaching of the Buddha, and I'm going to be a
Muslim by,
and all the great masters, also really the teaching said.
So therefore, we should always stand in beautiful motivation of the joy, appreciation, bodhicitta,
and then regular motivations. Those are known as the three regular status,
regular form, regular song, or regular mind.
All the sometimes, I mean not sometimes, another way can explain perfect place, perfect teaching,
perfect retinues, perfect teaching, perfect times. Those are the five perfect status.
So see, everything that's in the pure land of the Buddha Vaidya Sattva, Murugamma Sattva,
or the Buddha Shakyamuni, all inhabited beings are totally waked up to the ordinary status.
That means free from the duality, free from all negativities, grasping, habit dependence.
And when those are removed, the enlightenment is right here. They call it the teaching.
So really bring up those old beautiful motivations. Even we see in the darkness of the ignorance,
and sometimes, many times, the kind of duality, always struggling,
but at least the poor people in 20 minutes, if we light up ourself, that is very beautiful, special
.
We're making something really different, making difference to ourself to benefit into the beings.
Therefore, again, this is all beautiful motivations, beautiful motivations. Then with that,
I just also thought to talk again, continually talking about the Four Renowned Sessions,
all four points that will reverse the mind or change the mind.
And this is the anchor of the practices, foundation of the practices, cornerstones of the practices
.
Those are all the great masters of the practice and lineage, measured as one voice.
It's so important, and we like to make our heart more subtle, tender, more gentle, more thoughtful.
We should have this paper. This is, we're reflecting, realistic, where things are.
It's not mystery. It's not Buddhist dogma, or it's not just a kind of new phenomenon.
It's the reality of this related truth, where things are. So see the truth as truth.
That's wonderful, according to the teaching. It's really wonderful.
There's nothing higher and deeper, better than see the truth, exactly as it is.
That is good, in many elements, it's really good. So therefore, we're going again,
continually, and one after another, we went firstly, spiritually, human body, or 18 endowments.
Then second, we discussed a little bit about the empowerment.
Then we're talking now of the cause and effects.
Effects are inevitable, ensemble way, karma is inevitable.
Karma is, of course, a very popular word, word in the West, and everybody knows, you know,
that one is karma. Actually, it's action, activity, whose activity is one's own self,
individualist activities. When we do the activity, actually,
what in a gracious teacher, Bodhacharya Krishnamurti said, we can divide it.
There are so many activities, that it's numerous, actually,
but we can summarize, though, these are three activities. And positive activities,
negative activities, and neutral activities. And where this is positive, where this is negative,
where this is neutral, are kamaic world. It's no other than one's own mind.
When mind is positive, we need to reflect on the verbally and physically, that is known as
positives.
Because mind is positive, and activity is positive.
When mind is negative, we need to reflect that negative.
And verbally or physically, that is known as negative.
When mind is a kind of neutral state, neither negative, nor positive, or neither or either,
we're just neutral states, but we're at least neutral activities.
But this time, what we need to do, for the practitioners, we activated positive energies
and avoided the negatives, mind, and even the neutral, we should change to them.
Positives. If we do that, that is known as practitioners.
What are you practicing? You're practicing our steps. I use a simple word, good heart.
We're practicing good heart. We're practicing the principal nature of our own mind.
I spoke yesterday, too. Of course, it's not something I spoke, and that's you there.
But you know all that. We all know some. We receive so many teachings from great masters.
All training, and also always making those things. We know that.
But sometimes, our own knowledge is told, are kind of left on the shelf or somewhere in the midst
of our conceptions.
Not always, and kind of lighten up those things. So today, in a way, I'm going to lighten up,
but try to shimmer up those qualities, our knowledge and understanding of the proofs.
I think that's kind of lost in the midst of so many different kind of intellectuals and thoughts.
So I'm trying to really bring up that. That's what I'm talking about.
This is not just what I'm talking about, because that's what the gracious teacher,
the Japji, the new woman, told, and as well as the Buddha, the Modi, Sathya.
Follow it, and put the steps of their voice. I'm just talking.
So now, again, as he said, this positive and negative, where is the best?
It's all in an emptiness mind. Mind is empty. Emptiness mind is the best.
How that is reflecting? It's coming out as interdependent coordination.
Cause and conditions are actuating that energy coming as our usual magical things.
Or it's coming just like a display. But we need a calm display.
We're grasping. We're claiming. We're whole.
Mosin living beings, whole. Then we twisted the display of the emptiness mind. Minds.
Then you become whatever, it makes effect on the relative world.
So therefore, we have to, since we are for a long time, we will be in this relative world.
Or we will be on this illusion world for a long time.
Therefore, it's so important to know what things, what good, what things to, to avoid it.
What things we should apply, or keep that, or gather.
Then that's what the teaching said. Avoiding all the negative, all those unvirtues.
And as well as avoiding all the unvirtues and gathering,
performing the virtues. That is what we really need to do.
So when we talk about the unvirtues, I've mentioned yesterday too, I listed.
Again, I'm going to talk really about that. I said the unvirtues and, what's called?
Forbidden unvirtues, or restricted unvirtues, or ruled out unvirtues.
Those days, true unvirtues. First of all, the unvirtues. That is natural unvirtues.
That is also everybody knows, whether you are believing, believer, or not believers.
These forces are unvirtues. It's just a natural unvirtues. Everybody knows.
And again, I told a little bit about that. What are those?
And that I listed yesterday, but I didn't make clarification, kind of precisely, and kind of in a
way, like a ratchet.
Right. And so forth. What about how the greatest kindness, complicated teacher, bloody white
teacher.
Three by the body, four by the speech, and three by the mind.
All toghede is ten unvirtues. Ten unvirtues. All that.
These ten unvirtues, where is it coming from? As I said, it's coming from negative emotions of one
's own mind.
It's not coming from outside anyway. One's own negative emotions are producing these ten unvirtues.
So we are, or each of us, are the jewel, creator, public creator of these ten unvirtues.
Virtues. So what are those negative emotions? Three principle negative emotions, which are known as
, again,
great teacher, Buddha Shakti, I am going to use the metaphor, that we all know. Posen. Three
poisons or five poisons.
Three poisons are the ignorance, attachment, anger.
Above that two more, arrogance, jealous.
Arrogance and jealous are a combination of ignorance and attachment and anger.
Then there is more, in the teachings, in Abhidharma, there are six principles of emotions, and two
sub-emotions.
So forth. There are many, but those are the gross, rude emotions.
These negative emotions are, if we're talking about the poor, noble truth, these are the cause of
suffering.
It's the cause of suffering. They are the cause of suffering. They are the cause of troubles.
They are the cause of all the difficulties, challenges we go through.
That's what these three poisons or five poisons are.
With that method, then it becomes the unvirtues. These unvirtues are the suffering truth.
Even that activated through the verbally, mentally, when it's mentally existing, and when it's
mentally,
the energy, that physically verbally comes, it creates suffering.
It creates suffering. One person who rejects or injects that, also suffers.
When it's reflected to others, it will create suffering, and it's a difficult challenge.
This is not just the Buddha's teaching, we're talking Buddha's teaching, or I have to believe.
This is true evidence on the related world.
But that's why many times, in these modern times, men met sufferings.
Men met sufferings. This is what, the fundamental way this comes from, the cause of suffering truth
.
Negative emotions. Posen. That's why it's called the poisons.
It's poisons. If poisons one's own self, it poisons others.
Then, this created the karma. Immediately that created the karma.
A cordial Buddhism and the Buddha's teaching, karma.
That, the cause of the suffering is going to be gone.
A jewelry cell, and when it's reflected outside, that creates the karma.
But that not ended there.
Now, it's a ripple, affectable becoming. Continue it for a long time.
What that means, a cordial Buddhism is coming so many lifetimes.
And of course, you all know, the Buddhism believes rebirth.
Life is not just a false time in this world, nor it is not last time.
This life is a life. Be continuous from the beginning.
And we will go continually to that far, long way.
Unless we stop this roller coaster of these negative emotions, then we can reverse the cordial
teaching.
We can change the modem, the move we can change. Otherwise, it will be continuous.
Now, by this three, now we go a little bit again, because I just told you.
I told you a little bit again, this ten unvirtuous.
Even though you, we all know. I mean, I know that way, and you all know, I'm sure you all know this
.
But I'm just reminded. Again, we draw focus, because it's our practices.
Practice means, we have to practice with mindfulness. We have to be mindfulness.
What things to be avoided, what things to be gathered.
Being mindful is a symbol of the practice of the Buddha teachings. Mindfulness.
More calm, more gentle, more peaceful, calm body, calm speech, and calm mind.
Or gentle physical activity, gentle verbal, and gentle mind is the one really known as a pullover
of the gracious, kindness, compassion teacher, Prasad Shaktaman.
So therefore, again, I just go over this, really, of all those things.
And now, three by body, and this is taking three non-virtuous of the three by body.
Taking lives, and taking the blindness of others, which is not permitted, and then, and sexual
misconducts.
Sexual misconduct is for the ordinary known as a sexual conduct.
But lay practice is a sexual misconduct. So, those are the three by the body.
Why not they are, like I said, negativities? Naturally, because they are completely, absolutely
best on the negative emotions.
It's best upon the ignorance, it's best upon the attachment, it's best upon the anger.
For example, when somebody is taking lives of others, either in the teachings, it has maybe three
different principles or reasons.
First, taking lives of others is the best on the anger.
And then, anger is the prime runner, along with the support of ignorance and attachments.
So that is such as killing one, revenge, or killing the animals, enemies.
Those are the principles of the killing, that emotion is anger.
There is a principle runner, when we check the lives of others, there is a principle runner, it's
attachment.
Also, we care. Because we like their skins, or we like their wealth, we like to eat this meat, we
like to eat.
or like there is something kind of desired then again is best on the anger and ignorance and we can
protect lives
and then another one is through the ignorance according Buddhism killing our ignorant or
taking life the ignorant such is sacred preaching thinking is good to sacrifice one's own purpose
one's own benefit or I like to sacrifice that or that kind of thing that's good
but life is so precious to everyone there is no difference at all according Buddhism
everyone is loves their lives every last breath they loves one time I read read on the newspaper
say the what's called the famous apple ponder Steve John he said even individual knows that
they are going to heaven but still they like to love their these lives even they they show they
are going to the heaven heaven but still everyone loved their lives I thought that's really very
true true life is so precious to everyone therefore taking that with negative emotions
that is negative it is but that is not ended there as I said that create the karma that
affects goes on and on on and on and on and on so many times so many light so there being as
practitioners we try to be more more kind of avoid those things as much as we can that is
good according Buddhism I'm talking about the Buddhism that in the Buddhism that's a really good
and the next one is again I go really about that and then taking belongings of others
with all the permitted by others that is known as taking what's called stealing I think simple
language stealing stealing and according Buddhism there's three different ways stillings
stealing by the powers powers screaming by the postfulness then the smelling by the sneaky
hiding behind sneaking those are all the stealing not just the stillings or that
or the first one is a string taking belongings of the power such as the kind of very powerful man
powerful the kind of lady or whatever mine is open instead of I want that I like to check that
without it can't be any permission from the others yes sir check that by the power
power that is known as stealing by the powers taking belongings of the by others
others without permissions then stealing of the robins that I think robbers robbery against us
kind of come across and kill and attack things things or rob things that is called by them like
robbery or kind of like just like as robbers robbers and then sneakily stealing and that is what
best upon again sneakily you're still and when these people do that what are those again the
fundamental the intention is anger or jealous or arrogance or ignorance those are the real
attachment those are the fundamental cause to think take things things from from other
individuals without any formations or the yeah formations so that is really about that again
the stillings that so again we should those practices have to be trying to be ready again
in a buddhist teaching of course this is more again what's called more like this ruled out
unvirtuous there is a measurement of the taking things of that you can how much you if you take
things without the permission but that will consider it is a small amount I mean small
amount with our own kind of desire attachment or anger and like to hurt with others or something
whatever reason take that it's just a no matter what about the size is big or small I mean it's
really even small standard taking say that so those all known as like stillings there is sexual
misconduct also by many times of course is through the attachment or the desires but also it has
many
times that happen with anger with jealous jealous and then of course all is supported by the
ignorance ignorance is behind and not knowing clearly exactly consequence then we act so it's
ignorance ignorance is behind but the sexual misconduct or sexual conduct with the attachment
with anger with the jealous or like kind of like to hurt someone and therefore I'm going to do
or something kind of like this all known as as again negative it is negative it is so this is the
one of the three virtues of the body and the four by the speech and those are lying
slender and gossi and harsh speech harsh again it's all based on the negative emotions
ignorance attachment and angles angles and actually in the buddha sitting optimally there
is small lies medium lies and the big lies small lie is just a very small smoke and I'm like you
all know I'm not going to talk that small lie is just small things and maybe some small reasons
you lie that has nothing big things but it is just small lies and the big lies is some
got a bigger purposes and making some stories and all that things and you deceive the others
that and the very big law lie is then known as in the buddhist of teaching it is you kind of
activated even yourself kind of elevated or I'm having great realization I am such a distant
that things kind of lying aboard the realizations and trying to to uh receive others other and
take the advantage explaining about your real your own realization put turning with realization and
making up those things those are known as pretty lies and whatever it is lie is deceived mean is
changing the mental state for others and then you you kind of like convince them and take the
advantage so that is lies and then tama that is a cylinders cylinder is again there is a three
different cylinders it's called openness cylinders and the sneaker cylinders sneaker open the
cylinder
is again the power of a man kind of achieved two friends the power of a man like to be split then
they said open the night in front oh you said something funny things to to this person said and
you shouldn't do these things so kind of open and using their own authoritative powers making the
story the reality trying to break the bound or the pressure of others others those are now openly
slangers cylinders and then sleeker sneakers cylinder is again making stories behind the
scene so when a student again is the best upon the negative emotions ignorance attachment anger
or callousness whatever is is combination there and then making kind of all different stories that
even those one person who know this is not true but i like to talk these things make this kind of
value make this that like to hurt the others or make something because their own design and that
is a cylinders and that's it's up the next one is heart speeches heart speaking is not making
heart speech heart speeches is again is such as like what's called openly talking about the
mistakes the errors of the individuals the family sides of palisade mother's side or their features
their education they kind of like well whatever openly openly kind of kind of making the hearts
making those heart speech those are known as heart speeches so again that's the best of no
matter whatever it is it is anger or is attachment that again it is negative and the next one is a
gossip gossip and the gossip is again best upon all these negative emotions but mainly maybe is
best on the ignorance maybe not the persona of the anger and all these things but is more kind of
ignorant best of that and then you make all different kind of like stories or the gossiping
all these things and then this modern time time these are all watching so many times like i mean
that's my my talk watching so many times of the all those are looking to the internet and looking
to the to the televisions are looking to the rest so much time and what we gain is nothing really
gaining too much things it's all negative emotions and all and yes it's spoiled our mental
spoil our enemies and that in the watching all this i'm kind of spending that that is just i
think it's really kind of from gossip so that's just the whole gossip is again best upon upon the
negative emotions then three by the mind nothing is the coincidence or something their person
belonging to others yo whatever that is first belongings of the others you're trying to really
kind of capture that or grab that or have that or even you really get but you kind of you just
kind of obsessed with uh poured on at that again and again those are known as
comatose comatose nazi nazi and then nazi is a negative thought violence thought like to hurt
others again with negative emotions anger attachment or ignorance like that that is nazi
and the next one is last one is is non-believers and not believe to anything any abilities just
a kind of close to every knowledge and understanding and yes only yourself thinking thinking or
your own
person what you see that kind of completely stopping have no believer believing any things
and therefore again that means there's no believing not in the past believing not in the future
believing not anything then i just can't really really block in that according buddhism it is
really won't grow develop anything so it is a really very kind of uh very wake but very deep
negative videos that could hurt that so those are all known as non-virtues or natural non-virtues
ten non-virtues now i just listed to you the ten virtues i said yesterday is opposite of that
but i can again if i talk more can find clearly that opposite of the taking lives is giving lives
to the others if you have the capability giving lives of the others is is a virtues and the
opposite
of and give stealing or the technique belong to the others if you have the capability giving to
some to the others or doing generosity that is a virtues and then as well as and opposite of the
sexual misconduct is awarded sexual misconduct in the same time maintaining this some during
ethics ethics or moralities that is a virtues and then the opposite of the line is speaking truth
truthful that is and it's a opposite of a slender bring harmonizing bring together
together harmonizing more friendly in creating environments that is positive that is a virtues
and the opposite of the harsh speech soft speaking gentle speaking polite speaking
one great teacher bodhaka karmani said when you look to the sentient beings
look with eye of compassion look to the sentient beings and smile with face with compassion
and speaking softly gentle polite and respectful those are all known as known as virtues opposite
of the harsh speech and opposite of the gossip speak meaningful see meaningful and then in the
buddha city of remaining is very gossipy to practice
join the mantra change the whole money with me homes home better south homes oh better south homes
oh better good with my siblings giant mantras can enjoy relax go see bring so many unnecessary
garages in the mind and holy energy channels are filled with with the gossips
and gathering gossip all over the world what we were going to gain what anyway going to
result what we get what we can do instead there is a kind of culture that we love and compete and
join peace and joining some mantra is more meaningful to ourselves or one's own self to the others
so those are opposite of the poor negative by the mind or opposite or four virtues of the of the
speech and then the opposite of the conscious more grateful more contentment how big what do you
have
be too enjoy napsi or this individual nothing but in a indian comedy comedic mentality is very poor
never enough is the kind of hunger ghost please just be happy do what you have of course you can
help all that but we shouldn't be kind of like we have that comment just kind of thinking i need
that
i want that all now this goes on and on this ego clinging is always hungry we have to put some kind
of breaks to that feel happy and joy joy with that and then the opposite of the violence thought
more love more kindness more both each other's and opposite of the wrong opposite of the wrong
belief believe there is past there is future there is is is the present and there's so many things
even we don't see everywhere and we don't have to know everything but there is so many things
in the maybe 700 years ago every wall is in the way closed everybody thinks maybe that's
the only the wall almost everyone think but now wall wall is open how many things here
whole around the wall even now the scientists exploring so many galaxies so many universes
but us i mean that's all open there's so many we shouldn't close to complete that open relax
dribble up progress in a world of analogies so those are known as ten virtues that we should
always gather this ten virtues what i said today is the ten virtues of the next natural
two virtues and that's what i said also said the non-virtuous ten then what is natural everybody
knows whether believer or not believer most people know that they know it's bad even animal world
knows have you cheated with you see them they will know and if we kill them they don't they don't
like i mean no no this is universally proved proved so that's what really said then that ruled out
the non-virtuous virtues i talked really tomorrow because today our time is kind of the wall
and so i told her over but of course you all know really i talked about tomorrow tomorrow okay
thank
you very much everyone again for your participation and thank you okay thank you very much everyone
thank you thank you and now we do again meditation